# Go API client for swagger

Switch API is the primary endpoint of data sevices and Switch DB's platform. You can do adding, editing, deleting or listing data works to your database with query operations by using this low-level API based on HTTP.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.2.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```
    "./swagger"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://tr02.switchapi.com/*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AuthorizationApi* | [**TokenGet**](docs/AuthorizationApi.md#tokenget) | **Get** /Token | Generate Access Token
*DBOperationsApi* | [**AddPost**](docs/DBOperationsApi.md#addpost) | **Post** /Add | Add is used for adding a data object to the list created at Switch DB.
*DBOperationsApi* | [**ListPost**](docs/DBOperationsApi.md#listpost) | **Post** /List | It&#39;s used for listing a data added before.
*DBOperationsApi* | [**SetDelete**](docs/DBOperationsApi.md#setdelete) | **Delete** /Set | It&#39;s used for deleting a data added before at Switch DB.
*DBOperationsApi* | [**SetPost**](docs/DBOperationsApi.md#setpost) | **Post** /Set | It&#39;s used for updating a data object that is already added to Switch DB.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddResponse](docs/AddResponse.md)
 - [Body](docs/Body.md)
 - [ListOrder](docs/ListOrder.md)
 - [ModelError](docs/ModelError.md)
 - [SetResponse](docs/SetResponse.md)
 - [WhereItem](docs/WhereItem.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



